Things that need fixing:
X	1.  Fix problem with hidden fields being copied from grid when selected range
		crosses a hidden column.
	2.  Pasting to grids is not going thru the update cell code.  This means that the
		hidden fields are not being updated.  Also means that changes are not written
		to the database.
X	3.	Grid controls are not updating content when units change.
X	4.	Grid resizes itself to dialog default when receiving the focus.
	5.	Column grid coming up can give "Error getting list" messagebox 3 or 4 times
		in a row.
X	6.	Need to handle start up better.  Things such as initial current element, etc.
X	7.  Cylinder targets seem to be on their side.
X	8.  Need to send update to 3D view when primitive parameters change in grids.
	9.	Need to jump to current element in spreadsheet.
X	10.	Need to create new primitive in drawlist when new row is added to grid.
X	11.	Need to redisplay keyed in value in primitive grids (i.e. display what I think your
		keyed in number was....key in 24", display 2')
	12.	Make 3D fit view work with any element.
	13.	Fix perspective in 3D view.  Currently has at least too large of a step size on the
		zoom in and out.
	14.	Somehow, you can get into the change cylinder code with a NULL current parent node.
X	15.	Points need to be handled as just another node in the hierarchy.
X	16.	Coordinate systems could/should be handled as hierarchy nodes (with respect to type
		of thing).
	17.	Need to add print to image views.
	18.	Seems as though pixel picking rays have a problem with an image that doesn't have
		a transform.  Not really problem, but its a really quick way to exit.
	19.	GP's on inserting new cylinder manually into grid.
X	20.	Transformation definition box does not default to safe values
X	21.	Initial display of the element list should highlight the current node.
	22.	Hierarchy editing needs to be implemented (Cut, Paste, Copy, and Delete).
	23.	Cylinder center is not updated upon editing in grid.
X	24.	Pyramids representing cameras are turned backward and are not positioned at the exact point they should be.

Things done:
02/12/97
	1.  Moved unit change to a broadcast message.
	2.  Added unit change message handler to column editor.
	3.  Added unit change message handler to zone editor.
	4.  Changed point grid to use unit change message.
	5.
	  